ok so now before we go into this video
and I talk about the subject at hand if
you decide to dislike this video for any
other reason that I'm exposing a hacker
or a Mudder or one of the two which
always get confused and get
automatically corrected by people who
say it's not a hack it's a mud and then
when I say it's a mud it's not a mud
it's a hack and I say okay sorry got
those two very important things wrong in
my life I feel a better man now than I
know then please all i can say is grow
some balls leave a comment in the
comment section and tell me where I went
wrong or in what ways I can improve that
way we can push forward and I can at
least learn from my mistakes now on the
other scale of things if you are a
hacker or a Mudder or again one of the
two that I always get confused about and
automatically corrected and you decide
to dislike this video because of that if
your subscribe to me there's a button on
my channel and its eyes unsubscribe
please click that and be on your merry
way thank you very much and don't hit
your head on the way out now let's do
this Dada Dada blah blah blah
spice what the fuck is this cotton see
this website
fuck now before we proceed to talk about
this scumbag in the game play in the
background I just want to tell you a
little story it's a little bit weird and
a little bit random but it's absolutely
one hundred and ten percent true and I
haven't told many people about this in
my life because you'll understand why
when I tell you but I've only ever seen
what i can assume is one ghost in my
life and the story goes that i was lying
in bed one night I was about 19 18 19 20
and I was lying in bed one night and in
my dream you know you hear these noises
and they get kind of blended into your
dream I could hear this sort of chainsaw
noise now I was sort of my dream
suddenly turned into my next door
neighbor who was a pain in the ass
cutting his hedge so as I woke up I
could hear this noise as I was
slumbering into my you know awoken state
and I automatically thought as I look
round and I could see was still very
dark what the hell is the neighbor doing
cutting the hedge of this time and
height so I got a pair of bed rub my
eyes and the noise kind of got quieter
and faded away but still I could hear it
very much and it sounded almost like a
buzzing like a huge bumblebee at this
point so of course I went to the window
and looked out the window no neighbor no
hedge cutting no chainsaw but it sounded
as though the noise was coming from my
wardrobe so I walked over to the
Wardrobe quite scared because I thought
was going to bump into a helicopter
sighs bumblebee and as I opened the
Wardrobe very quickly I can see what i
can only explain to be a football-sized
sprout with eyes and a nose and a mouth
floating around in amongst my clothes
and then sort of disappeared into the
back now maybe I was high maybe I was
half asleep maybe I was hallucinating I
don't know but this is one hundred
percent true I shit my pants and
proceeded to flat foot the life out of
my clothes standing backwards holding on
to the wardrobe doors kicking the hell
out of this invisible entity that I
assumed that I saw whilst almost
screaming because it frightened the
bejesus out of me now is at this point
that my father got woken up and he
wasn't the best man to wake up in the
morning he was never very much a morning
person so you know waking him up in the
middle of the night was never the best
idea there to his horror when he clicked
on the lights to my room and he could
see he's 19 year old son stark bollock
naked flat footing my clothes with the
last chicken in the shop swinging around
between my legs he lost his nuts and
went absolutely ballistic up me I then
had to stand there and explain to him
about aforementioned floating sprout
head that I thought I saw my wardrobe
yeah it didn't really go down very well
and he automatically assumed that I'd
moved on to harder drugs and I was now
experimenting with heroin and I don't
know drinking methylated spirits who
knows but yeah funny thing about that
was I went to college the next day and I
used to be in a band I was the lead
singer and guitarist in a band and we
were struggling for a name and I decided
to tell these guys at college about this
funny story and they were all laughing
and one of them turn around he said
there we go I've gotten the name for our
band let's call ourselves chainsaw
sprout yeah and the name stuck and that
was what we became what a shame we never
got famous I would have loved to have
told that story on MTV but anyway
rumbling aside let's move on to the
subject to hand this guy in the
background was not a ghost in fact it
was something I've never come across
before on Xbox Live I've come across the
unlimited Nova gas hack and the more to
hack and we ahmad or whatever sorry I
might have got that wrong again we have
come across that a few times and it's
annoying and it's frustrating but you
can quite easily back out and it can be
dull within that way however this was
you know totally different this is Xbox
Live I've never seen an invisible hacker
slash Mudder whatever he is in however
many years for five years since this
game has been out I've never come across
one before now the reason I wanted to
put this up days because this guy was an
obnoxious twat you will see as the
commentaries going on but you weren't
really hear what he's saying in the
background that he was kind of goading
everybody in the play lobby people were
calling him out and he was basically
just saying what are you gonna do baddie
there is absolutely nothing you can do
you getting wrecked I'm not hacking but
he was cleaning visible I come across
him so many times and I didn't seem I
could see the name like
the modern warfare 3 name that shows up
and then these invisible guys stab you
but the worst part about it is he was
trying so hard and at one point I was
actually beating him at a free-for-all
but unfortunately you can't quite beat
somebody who you can't see it's like
trying to beat the predator to death
when he's in full stealth mode by using
a table tennis paddle it's not going to
happen so what I'm going to say guys is
his name is that hacker oh very original
go on to xbox live and report him like I
did it's as simple as that we don't need
these people here and if it wasn't for
the sheer obnoxiousness of his Goulding
in the lobby I probably wouldn't be
doing this video so fuck him thanks for
watching guys apocalypse done